User-defined APIs - query parameters  support (#2265)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/User-Defined_APIs/Defining_an_API/UD_APIs_Defining_a_new_API.md

  | RawBody | `string` | The full body of the HTTP request as a string. This can be deserialized and used in the script. See [User input data](#user-input-data). |
  | Parameters | `Dictionary<string, string>` | Contains the deserialized parameters if you select *Dictionary (parsed from JSON)* when configuring the API. See [User input data](#user-input-data). |
  | Context | [ApiTriggerContext](#apitriggercontext) | Contains properties with info about the request. Available from DataMiner 10.3.9/10.4.0 onwards. <!-- RN 37015 --> |

>   | QueryParameters | [IQueryParameters](#query-parameters) | Contains the request query string parameters. Available from DataMiner 10.4.1/10.4.0 onwards. <!-- RN 37733 --> |

Author: 10.5.0

#### User input data

> There's two ways to pass data to your API. You can use [query parameters](#query-parameters), that allow you to pass data in a key-value format. Or you can use the [request body](#request-body), that you can deserialize in your script, or you can use the built-in deserialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to pass data to your API. You can use [query parameters](#query-parameters), which allow you to pass data in a key-value format. Or you can use the [request body](#request-body), which you can either deserialize yourself in your script or let it be deserialized to a key-value format by the built-in deserialization.
```

##### Query parameters

Query parameters are available in the QueryParameters property in the `ApiTriggerInput`. The `IQueryParameters` exposes following methods:

| Method name | Return type | Summary |
|-------------|-------------|---------|
| `TryGetValues(string key, out List<string> values)` | `bool` | Tries to get the value(s) for the associated key. Returns `true` in case value(s) are found for that key, `false` if not. The values will be in the `out` parameter. |
| `TryGetValue(string key, out string value)` | `bool` | Tries to get the value for the associated key. Returns `true` in case a value is found for that key, `false` if not. The value will be in the `out` parameter.  The first value will be returned in case there are multiple. |
| `GetAllKeys()` | `List<string>` | Returns all keys for which there is a value. |
| `ContainsKey(string key)` | `bool` | Returns whether the key is present or not. |  

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Multiple values can be added for one key.
> - Query parameter keys are case-sensitive.
> - The maximum size for the query string is 2KB.

> > - Query parameters are available from DataMiner 10.4.1/10.4.0 onwards.

Author: 10.5.0

> [!TIP]
> To see how these two options are used in an API script, see [API script examples](xref:UD_APIs_API_script_examples).

> ##### Query parameters

Reviewer: Maybe move above the request body since we also mention it first in the introduction text?

Query parameters are available in the QueryParameters property in the `ApiTriggerInput`. The `IQueryParameters` exposes following methods:

| Method name | Return type | Summary |
|-------------|-------------|---------|

> | `TryGetValues(string key, out List<string> values)` | `bool` | Tries to get the value(s) for the associated key. Returns `true` in case value(s) are found for that key, `false` if not. The values will be in the `out` parameter. Key is case-sensitive! |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TryGetValues(string key, out List<string> values)` | `bool` | Tries to get the value(s) for the associated key. Returns `true` in case value(s) are found for that key, `false` if not. The values will be in the `out` parameter. The key is case-sensitive. |
```

Reviewer: Above comment can be applied to the other rows here as well. Maybe we can remove it since it is already included as was note below?
